# Workflow Widget

## App Project Outline

**Date last Modified: 15 May 2017**

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Introduction

The SRC folder contains all of the required classes and objects required for the widget to run. This includes the main index, which runs the javascript widget when the local server runs the script (See the Project Overview document to see how to run the project).

### Included Files

Within the directory **~docs/code/ang2/src/** you may notice that there are more children directories that need to be addressed. Please note that many of these files were created in the project initialization stage and may not require editing.

Here is a list of all the documents you should find in the directory, along with a brief description. Since these are provided documentation, these files should require minimal editing as altering these files may cause errors on compilation.

File Name          | Description
------------------ | -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
favicon.ico        | The default icon for Angular-CLI projects.
index.html         | The main page, generated on each project build
main.ts            | The driver class that enables the module to be run. This class controls which class is opened on startup and selects the location for the environment
polyfills.ts       | Required document for Angular projects. **Should not be edited**
styles.css         | Sets the global styling to the index page. _This page may not be used_
test.ts            | Required document for Angular projects. **Should not be edited**
tsconfig.app.json  | TypeScript Configuration File. Required document for Angular projects. **Should not be edited**
tsconfig.spec.json | TypeScript Configuration File. Required document for Angular projects. **Should not be edited**
typings.d.ts       | System node definition. Required document for Angular projects. **Should not be edited**

### Included Folders

In addition to the files within the project, there are 3 folders that also require attention:

Folder Name   | Description
------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
app/          | The main project files
assets/       | Bootstrap CSS files and Workflow JSON. This is the directory of which the Workflow object is stored and managed in this project.
environments/ | The environment variables for the project. Generated by Angular on project creation.
